SECTION CANDIDATES
Abstract
1 Introduction
1 Department of Electronic Engineering, The Chinese University of Hong
2 Department of Computer Science and Engineering, The Chinese
3 Centre for Nanophotonics, Department of Physics, Engineering Physics
4 Department of Biomedical Engineering, The Chinese University of Hong
Experimental demonstrations have successfully realized
2  Results
2.1  Working principle and device design
experimental accuracy reaches 91.6% with only 7,440
2.2  Experimental demonstration of high performance,
2.2.1  Image classification with ultra‑compact digital NN
results for normal and COVID-19 cases. The accuracy,
experimental ONNs  [76, 99], as shown in Fig.  2g. This
2.2.2  Capability for end‑to‑end processing of high‑resolution
2.2.3  Multi‑task ability for classification and detection
2.3  Scalable to complex NN models for high‑accuracy
experimental details can be found in Supplementary Note
2.4  Solving real‑world challenge: accelerating the analysis
results of the action video. b The confusion matrix of frame-wise prediction results. c The confusion matrix of action prediction results. d
3  Discussions
4  Methods
Experimental setup of the metasurface-based optical
References

CAPTION / FIGURE LINES
Fig.  1g. Such scaling behavior is also influenced by the
Fig. 1 The metasurface-based optical learning machine (MOLM). a Schematic of the MOLM. The optical image generated by the SLM is projected
Fig. 2 Experimental results of the MOLM for three benchmark tasks. a Schematic of the experimental setup of the MOLM for the benchmark
Fig. 2 (See legend on previous page.)
Fig. 2f, the separation between different classes becomes
Fig. 2h. We demonstrate that these commonly occurring
Fig. 3 Experimental results of the meta-RNN for video-based human action recognition. a The working flow of the meta-RNN for video-based
Fig. 3 (See legend on previous page.)
Fig. 4 Experimental results of the MOLM for cancer diagnosis based on the whole slide image. a The working flow of the cancer diagnosis based
